# CS-Homework-Assignments
Compilation of CS HW Assignments from previous courses

Instructions for each assignment is below as well

BRUTE-FORCE-TEST
1 read from input file and make an array A
2 get time using built-in function (let’s call this start_time)
3 call BRUTE-FORCE-MAX-SUBARRAY(A)
4 get time using built-in function (let’s call this end_time)
5 elapsed_time = end_time – start_time //convert this to milliseconds
6 print n, elapsed_time, low, high, sum

DIVIDE-AND-CONQUER-TEST
1 read from input file and make an array A
2 get time using built-in function of your language (let’s call this start_time)
3 call DIVIDE-AND-CONQUER-MAX-SUBARRAY (A, 1, n)
4 get time using built-in function of your language (let’s call this end_time)
5 elapsed_time = end_time – start_time //convert this to milliseconds
6 print n, elapsed_time, low, high, sum

Input data (For Brute Force and Divide and Conquer)
Ten input files will be posted on the class web page. Each file has randomly generated integers.
The files are (note that a file name includes its size):
random-2000.txt
random-4000.txt
random-6000.txt
random-8000.txt
random-10000.txt
random-12000.txt
random-14000.txt
random-16000.txt
random-18000.txt
random-20000.txt


BINARY SEARCH TREE

This assignment is an implementation of Binary Search Tree (BST) operations. This BST stores integer
keys. The requirements are given below.
Your program will read a text file containing a sequence of commands and will process all commands
until the end of the file. Commands that require data will be in the form COMMAND:DATA where
COMMAND is what your program must do and DATA is the relevant data (e.g. the key value to insert or
delete). Each command is a single line in the text file followed by a new line ‘\n’ character.
Here is an example command file:
I:74
I:23
I:31
I:42
I:126
D:23
P
The details of the commands that your program must support are described below.
Insert
The insert command is denoted by i (case insensitive is preferred), and the DATA is the key to insert into
the binary search tree (an integer value). Here is an example line that your program would process:
I:42
The above command is telling your program to insert the key value 42 into your binary search tree.
Delete
The delete command is denoted by d or D, and the DATA is the key to delete in the
binary search tree (an integer value). Here is an example line that your program would
process
D:182
Your program will delete that key from your BST.
Postorder Traversal
The postorder traversal command is denoted by (or P), there is no data for this command. An example
command is show below:
P
Upon parsing this command your program Your program must display the list of keys in your BST
generated by the postorder tree traversal (NOT inorder traversal). Review the text for postorder
traversal. The format for the printed keys will be comma separated values. You may use brackets around
the list but the values must be comma separated. The following examples are acceptable:
[1,2,3,5,7,6,42]
{1,2,3,5,7,6,42}
(1,2,3,5,7,6,42)
1,2,3,5,7,6,42
After parsing all commands in the file your program will exit.


STRONGLY CONNECT COMPONENTS

This assignment is an implementation of the STRONGLY-CONNECTEDCOMPONENT algorithm in
page 617 of our textbook.
The first thing you may want to do is to read and understand Section 22.5 of the textbook, which explains
what a strongly connected component is (the definition is in Appendix B), and how the algorithm works.
The algorithm uses the concept of the transpose 𝐺􀬾 of a graph G. There is an example in Figure 22.9.
You may want to construct the transpose of a small directed graph as a practice to make sure that you
clearly understand the meaning of it.
Programming Requirements
Input: A directed graph which is represented in a text file as an adjacency list. For example, the directed
graph of Figure 22.2.(a) will be represented in the input file as:
1:2,4
2:5
3:5,6
4:2
5:4
6:6
Note that there is no space between any two consecutive characters in the input data, and that a test input I
will use to test your program will not have any space. So, you may want to make sure that your program
can read an input file which does not have any space.
As you can see this is a "text representation" of the adjacency list of Figure 22.2.(b). One exception is that
in the input file, nodes in a list will be sorted by increasing order of the node name. Note that, for this
assignment, node names are integers. The input file must be named as p3_input.txt.
Output: For each strongly connected component, show the list of vertices by increasing order of the
finish time. Note the "finish time" here refers to the finish time of a node that is determined when DFS is
run on G+ in line 3 of the pseudocode of STRONGLYCONNECTED-COMPONENTS. It is not the
finish time determined when DFS was run on G in line 1 of the pseudocode of STRONGLYCONNECTED-
COMPONENTS.
Your output must be written onto an output file named p3_out.txt. In addition to writing the output on the
output file, you must also display the output on the screen.
When DFS is run on 𝐺􀬾 in line 3, make sure that nodes in an adjacent list are visited in increasing order
of node name (this refers to the exploration of adjacent nodes in line 4 of DFS-VISIT in page 604).
